Implement support for string_view (attempt no. 3) (#3423)
nlohmann/json: doc/mkdocs/docs/api/basic_json/object_comparator_t.md

# <small>nlohmann::basic_json::</small>object_comparator_t

```cpp
using object_comparator_t = typename object_t::key_compare;
// or
using object_comparator_t = default_object_comparator_t;
```

The comparator used by [`object_t`](object_t.md). Defined as `#!cpp typename object_t::key_compare`, if available, and [`default_object_comparator_t`](default_object_comparator_t.md) otherwise.

## Version history

> - Changed to use `#!cpp typename object_t::key_compare` or `default_object_comparator_t` in version 3.10.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed to use `#!cpp typename object_t::key_compare` or `default_object_comparator_t` in version 3.11.0.
```
